Refer to serverless project feature tiers as such and not as subscription nor features (#3249)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/observability/observability-serverless-feature-tiers.md

Upgrading from Observability Logs Essentials to Observability Complete is permanent and is not reversible.
:::

> To access the additional features available in Observability Complete, upgrade your Observability Logs Essentials feature tier by completing the following steps:

Reviewer: this feels weird ... would it make more sense to do

```suggestion
To access the additional features available in Observability Complete, upgrade your Observability project feature tier by completing the following steps:
```
